DOC: Add example for multiindex series and dataframe merge (#32068)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/merging.rst

          labels=['left', 'right'], vertical=False);
   plt.close('all');

> You can merge a MultiIndex Series and a DataFrame, if the levels of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can merge a mult-indexed Series and a DataFrame if the names of
```

the MultiIndex correspond to the columns from the DataFrame. Transform
the Series to a DataFrame using :meth:`Series.reset_index` before merging,
as shown in the following example.

.. ipython:: python

   df = pd.DataFrame({"Let": ["A", "B", "C"], "Num": [1, 2, 3]})
   df

   ser = pd.Series(
       ["a", "b", "c", "d", "e", "f"],
       index=pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays(
           [["A", "B", "C"] * 2, [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]], names=["Let", "Num"]
       ),
   )
   ser

>    result = pd.merge(df, ser.reset_index(), on=['Let', 'Num'])

Reviewer 2: just

```
   pd.merge(df, ser.reset_index(), on=['Let', 'Num'])
```

Author: ok just fix this in PR  #32370  - looking at the rendered docs - how are the diagrams of the df displayed ?

Reviewer 2: > ok just fixed this in PR #32370

thanks

> how are the diagrams of the df displayed ?

since we have a Series and a DataFrame, that format is probably not applicable.

Author: ok - thanks. PR #32370 is all green now.

          labels=['left', 'right'], vertical=False);
   plt.close('all');

To join a Series with a MultiIndex and a DataFrame, using the levels of the
MultiIndex and columns from the DataFrame, transform the Series to a DataFrame
using :meth:`Series.reset_index`.

.. ipython:: python

   df = pd.DataFrame({"Let": ["A", "B", "C"], "Num": [1, 2, 3]})
   df

   # The series has a multi-index with levels corresponding to columns in
   # the DataFrame we want to merge with
   ser = pd.Series(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f'],
                   index=pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays([["A", "B", "C"] * 2,
                                                    [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]],
                                                   names=['Let', 'Num'])

>                    )

Reviewer 2: would it look neater to run the code samples through black?

```python
ser = pd.Series(
    ["a", "b", "c", "d", "e", "f"],
    index=pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays(
        [["A", "B", "C"] * 2, [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]], names=["Let", "Num"]
    ),
)
ser
```
